[URI of the OWL(RDF/XML) output file]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/vo/external/DOID_module2.owl

[Source ontology]
DOID

[Low level source term URIs]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3393 #coronary artery disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2945 #severe acute respiratory syndrome
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10533 #viral pneumonia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1227 #neutropenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050700 #cardiomyopathy
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_104 #bacterial infectious disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1936 #atherosclerosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_576 #proteinuria
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1074 #kidney failure
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_409 #liver disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_784 #chronic kidney disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_863 #nervous system disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_14566 #disease of cellular proliferation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3770 #pulmonary fibrosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0040085 #bacterial sepsis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_615 #leukopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8622 #measles
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8469 #influenza
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3082 #interstitial lung disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060014 #CD45 deficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10763 #hypertension
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2043 #hepatitis B
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3083 #chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_12177 #common variable immunodeficiency
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5364 #pulmonary coin lesion
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5362 #focal epithelial hyperplasia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11247 #disseminated intravascular coagulation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2089 #constipation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11396 #pulmonary edema
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_614 #lymphopenia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9352 #type 2 diabetes mellitus
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_974 #upper respiratory tract disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_6713 #cerebrovascular disease
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2452 #thrombophilia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2988 #antiphospholipid syndrome

[Top level source term URIs and target direct superclass URIs]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_7 #disease of anatomical entity
subClassOf
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050117 #disease by infectious agent
subClassOf
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0014667 #disease of metabolism
subClassOf
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4 #disease
subClassOf

[Source term retrieval setting]
includeAllIntermediates

[Source annotation URIs]
includeAllAnnotationProperties

[Source annotation URIs to be excluded]